[Translation] XliffLintCommand supports Github Actions annotations (#39828)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Translation/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

5.3
---

> * Add `github` format & autodetection to render errors as annotations when

Reviewer: missing space before `*`

Author: done

> 5.3.0
> -----
> 
> * Added `github` format & autodetection to render errors as annotations when

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5.3
---

* Add `github` format & autodetection to render errors as annotations when
```

Author: done
